> Take a tour of Amazon's Data Center.  Post your impressions about these massive data centers, then answer the following questions.
1. How much does AWS make?
2. How does the cloud work?  
3. Are the locations publicized?
4. What county does the video highlight where AWS data centers are located?
5. How can someone visit an AWS data center?
6. How many servers in a data center were mentioned in this video?
7. What does external auditors look for?
8. How many terabytes of data is handled per second?
AWS Data Center (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yZINQZez0oU&t=479s)

I thought that an Amazon Data Center would have a lot of electrical and environmental safety equipment. I was surprised by the volume of a given data center, the count, and most particularly the frequency with which new ones could be installed. Constructing a new data center must be very complex given all the technology that must be installed. I also did not realize AWS also provided its own infrastructure including water cooling systems, underwater cabling and power substations.
AWS generated $123b in Q2 of 2025 for net gains of $30.87b of revenue. In Q2 of 2024 AWS operations had a revenue of 26.28B, for a YOY quartly increase of 14.87%.
The cloud solves the problem of centralizing information and distributing it globally. It is a complex invention that uses incredible hardware and software. The cloud describes the ability to connect people, places and technology. There are many business entities that rely upon the cloud using technologies such as HTTP for web applications and databases for storing information.
Computing data centers are susceptible to infiltration and thusly are not disclosed to the public.
The AWS data center mentioned in https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yZINQZez0oU is located in Loudoun County, Virginia.
Access to AWS data centers is restricted. In lieu of this, AWS provides material offering alternative ways to explore.
A typical AWS data center will accommodate between 50- to 80-thousand servers. The narrator explicitly calls out the presence of data centers of 80,000 servers.
An external audit of an AWS data center will examine the security and compliance concerns of physical infrastructure. However, the data and application software is not available to audit as AWS does not claim such liability.
AWS data centers are designed to handle 100 terabytes of data per second.